chore: remove CoW lib (#18)
cowprotocol/euler-integration-contracts: CLAUDE.md

- **Euler Vault Kit** (`lib/euler-vault-kit`): ERC4626 vault implementation with borrowing
- **Ethereum Vault Connector (EVC)** (`lib/evc`): Batch transaction coordinator with account checking

> - **CoW Protocol**: DEX aggregator settlement contracts (minimal vendored types in `src/vendor/` and `test/helpers/`)

Reviewer: In light of #21:

```suggestion
- **CoW Protocol**: DEX aggregator settlement contracts (minimal vendored types in `src/CowWrapper.sol` and `test/helpers/`)
```
